it's beautiful you're gonna play fuck
you bitch yeah okay make sure I'm in
tune first house this house itself
sounds beautiful
yeah that's a Gibson sound
[Music]
please say we're down packed up your
stuff it's really over said you've had
there's one thing I'd like to say before
you lay food fuck you bitch you broke my
heart
fuck your friends for tearing us apart
fuck your dog hope he never comes home
fuck you bitch
hope you wind up
[Music]
now you're going and I'm by myself I'm
jerking off pictures on the sill but
before I swap on your face
I just scraped
[Music]
fuck you bitch you broke my heart
fuck your friends tearing us apart
fuck your dog never comes home fuck you
bitch
hope you wind up alone
[Music]
word is out
you found someone who will I hope does
it for you but if not come here darling
play thing fucking bitch
you broke my heart fuck you friends
tearing this apart fuck you dog never
comes home hope you end up alone
amazing fantastic